
2018-04-13 17:32:31.269987: Start Selections
players 1 False
players 2 False
players 3 False
players 4 False
players 5 False
players 8 False
genres Action False
genres Fighting False
genres Misc False
genres Platform False
genres Puzzle False
genres Racing False
genres Role-Playing False
genres Shooter False
genres Simulation False
genres Sports False
genres Strategy False
rating Min 0
rating Max 10
popularity USA False
popularity JAPAN False
popularity EUROPE False
popularity ELSEWHERE False
popularity ...NOWHERE False
players 1 True
players 2 False
players 3 False
players 4 False
players 5 False
players 8 False
genres Action False
genres Fighting False
genres Misc False
genres Platform False
genres Puzzle False
genres Racing False
genres Role-Playing True
genres Shooter False
genres Simulation False
genres Sports False
genres Strategy False
rating Min 7
rating Max 10
popularity USA False
popularity JAPAN False
popularity EUROPE False
popularity ELSEWHERE False
popularity ...NOWHERE True
End Selections
